# Digikeyboard-v2
This is the second version of my C2 server digispark project that completely overhauls the server and client connections routing requests through HTTP

# How it Works
The Victim computer pings the server and checks for new commands to run every second(Can be modified if overloading the computer), then when the client computer sends a command to the server it is stored on a webpage that is a random MD5 hash. The page is a random hash value because it hides the webpages from anybody running wordlist scanners on the site.

The site also has a fake homepage generated by AI to look like a retro website so that anybody simply visiting the website has no clue that it is posing as a Command and Control server.

# Why its better than v1
v1 only works on the same network which is no good because if you are on the same network you are usually close enough to type in commands yourself. This version hosts a website for free using a cloudflare tunnel that can be accessed across networks. You could send commands to computers all over the world using this setup. This version also sustains directories across commands which is a huge improvement for quality of life for the shell(its still not perfect but beats the original). This version also has server logging, so information about all request made to the server can be stored and monitored.

# Drawbacks
- The main drawback is the stealth of the python code installed on the victims system. If the system has proper controls in place this program will set off all sorts of alarms
  - The goal of this program is not to be used for malicious purposes. I simply wanted to build a cool C2 server that can route commands across a network
- Another drawback is if someone were to find the secret webpages where data is stored all of that information is out in the open.

# How to set it up
You will need to install fastapi, uvicorn, and cloudflare tunnels on the server computer(this can be the same as the client computer if necessary) and then run: uvicorn main:app --host 127.0.0.1 --port 8000 --log-level info 2>&1 | tee Logs/fastapi_$(date +%Y-%m-%d_%H-%M-%S).log to host the server locally and start logging, and then: cloudflared tunnel --url http://localhost:8000 to get a publcly accessible url. Once you have that set up, install the victim code on the victim computer and run it. Then run the client code and send your commands

## Please note, this is purely for educational purposes and I do not condone the use of thise code for malicious intent.

Also, I will make the documentation look nicer in the near future
